role based and document level permission update (#12)
herflis/concepts-temp: content/document-level-permissions.md

---

# Document level Permissions

# intro

> sensenet offers you the ability to set permissions even on document level in addition to the role-based permission [link] logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sensenet offers you the ability of setting permissions even on document level in addition to the role-based permission [link] logic.
```
